Update pip installation instructions (#28)
glue-viz/glue-qt: doc/installation/pip.rst

You can install glue along with **all** required and optional dependencies
with `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`__ using::

    pip install glueviz[qt]

The above will include domain-specific plugins as well as the PyQt5 library.
If you only want to install glue with minimal dependencies, you can instead
install individual glue packages, e.g.::

    pip install glue-core   # base package with no front-end
    pip install glue-qt[qt] # Qt-based front-end
    pip install glue-vispy-viewers  # 3D viewers

> The ``[qt]`` ensures PyQt5 gets installed, but you can also install PyQt6 or
> PySide yourself and miss out the ``[qt]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip install PyQt6 glue-qt # Qt6-based front-end
The ``[qt]`` ensures PyQt5 gets installed and set as the front-end,
but you can also use **instead** an already installed PyQt6 or PySide
front-end, or install it along the glue libraries as above (omitting the ``[qt]``).
```
Perhaps clarifying the different options a bit better here? Or maybe we should link/refer to the qtpy documentation how the default front-end is picked or prescribed setting `QT_API`?

Author: I agree we can expand this a bit more - for now I've pushed an update along the lines you suggest, then let's get this PR in so the instructions are correct, then we can do a follow-up with some improvements.
